Fix 3107 series (#3247)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/v2.0/write-data/best-practices/resolve-high-cardinality.md

2. [Measure series cardinality](#measure-series-cardinality)
3. [Resolve high cardinality](#resolve-high-cardinality)

## Learn the causes of high series cardinality

{{% oss-only %}}

  IndexDB indexes the following data elements to speed up reads:
  - [measurement](/influxdb/v2.0/reference/glossary/#measurement)
  - [tags](/influxdb/v2.0/reference/glossary/#tag)

{{% /oss-only %}}
{{% cloud-only %}}

  IndexDB indexes the following data elements to speed up reads:
  - [measurement](/influxdb/v2.0/reference/glossary/#measurement)
  - [tags](/influxdb/v2.0/reference/glossary/#tag)
  - [field keys](/influxdb/cloud/reference/glossary/#field-key)

{{% /cloud-only %}}

Each unique set of indexed data elements forms a [series key](/influxdb/v2.0/reference/glossary/#series-key).
[Tags](/influxdb/v2.0/reference/glossary/#tag) containing highly variable information like unique IDs, hashes, and random strings lead to a large number of [series](/influxdb/v2.0/reference/glossary/#series), also known as high [series cardinality](/influxdb/v2.0/reference/glossary/#series-cardinality).
High series cardinality is a primary driver of high memory usage for many database workloads.

> Therefore, to reduce memory overhead, consider storing high-cardinality values in fields rather than in tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, to reduce memory overhead, consider storing high-cardinality values in field values rather than in tags or field keys.
```
